= Gloss FAQs =

== About Gloss ==

*Q: Do you just want to rip off Apple?*
 No, but I do think a lot of Apple products both look good and have very intuitive interfaces. Gloss' interface, is all changeable in its theme files, so there's no reason why it has to look like anything else at all.

*Q: Why didn't you integrate this with the existing Myth frontend?*
 A couple of reasons, mostly technical. The first and foremost is that the existing frontend is based on Qt while Clutter, Gloss' OpenGL framework, uses GTK. Its not impossible to mix the two, but if nothing else it means that there'd be 2 large stacks being loaded everytime you started the frontend. I also really like python :)

---

== Getting things running ==
*Q: What version of Myth TV does Gloss work with?*
 0.21

*Q: What are the package requirements to get Gloss running?*
 You'll need the following packages:
 * libclutter-0.6-x
 * libclutter-gst-0.6-x
 * libclutter-cairo-0.6-x
 * python-clutter
 * python-mysqldb
 * python-gst0.10
 * eyed3
 * gstreamer-0.10
 * jackd
 The following packages are recommended for playback of audio / video:
 * gstreamer0.10-plugins-bad
 * gstreamer0.10-plugins-ugly
 * gstreamer0.10-fluendo-mpegdemux (Required for TV / Recording playback)

*Q: I get the following error:*
{{{
class Message():
                  ^
SyntaxError:Invalid syntax`
}}}
 This is usually to do with the version of python that you are running. A few areas of Gloss use syntax (Such as above) that is only valid under Python 2.5 and the error above will generally appear for Python 2.4

*Q: What about this error:*
{{{
ERROR: No config file found at ~/.mythtv/mysql.txt or /etc/mythtv/mysql.txt!
No connection to MythTV Database can be made. Quitting
}}}
 Strangely enough, this means exactly what it says. Even though the regular 0.21 MythTV frontend supports upnp detection of the backend, Gloss doesn't (yet) have this function. You need to create a file called mysql.txt in either of the locations specified that lists the location of the backend. 