= Introduction =

This page will give a very brief overview on how to get Gloss up and running on your system. It assumes you already have a working MythTV setup.

Note: If using Clutter 0.4.x please use SVN rev. 86 as anything past this has been updated for Clutter 0.6

= Ubuntu =
Gloss was developed on Ubuntu so hence I can give the best instructions for how to get it working on this platform.

== Getting Clutter ==
 There are currently two main methods for obtaining Clutter, which is required by Gloss. The first is using the prebuilt binaries and is relatively straightforward. This is currently the recommended method as Gloss is being developed against the Clutter 0.6 release. The second method is compiling from source (releases or SVN) however use of Clutter SVN with Gloss is currently untested. In each case, simply copy the lines into the command prompt, one at a time. 

=== Binaries (apt-get) ===
  # `echo "deb http://debian.o-hand.com gutsy/" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list` (Replace gutsy with edgy/dapper/fiesty if required)
  # `sudo apt-get update`
  # `sudo apt-get install libclutter-0.6-0 libclutter-gst-0.6-0 libclutter-cairo-0.6-0 python-clutter python-mysqldb subversion eyed3 gstreamer0.10-fluendo-mpegdemux jackd  gstreamer0.10-plugins-bad gstreamer0.10-plugins-ugly`

=== SVN === 

Using the SVN of Clutter is currently not recommended and may cause unpredictable behaviour. If you wish to compile from source, please use the release tarballs available at http://clutter-project.org/sourceshttp://clutter-project.org/sources
The following instructions are a rough guide for Ubuntu Gutsy

  # `sudo apt-get install libgtk2.0-dev gtk-doc-tools gcc libpango1.0-dev libsdl-pango-dev python automake1.9 subversion gstreamer0.10-fluendo-mpegdemux python-cairo-dev jackd python-mysqldb python-dev python-gtk2-dev python-gobject-dev libgstreamer-plugins-base0.10-dev python-gobject-doc gstreamer0.10-plugins-bad gstreamer0.10-plugins-bad-multiverse gstreamer0.10-plugins-ugly eyed3`
  # `svn co http://svn.o-hand.com/repos/clutter/trunk clutter`
  # `cd clutter/clutter`
  # `./autogen.sh`
  # `sudo make install`
  # `cd ../clutter-gst`
  # `./autogen.sh`
  # `sudo make install`
  # `cd ../clutter-cairo`
  # `./autogen.sh`
  # `sudo make install`
  # `cd ../bindings/pyclutter`
  # `./autogen.sh`
  # `sudo make install`

== Getting Gloss ==
Once you have Clutter installed, getting Gloss running should be fairly easy:
  # `svn checkout http://gloss-mc.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ gloss-mc`
  # `cd gloss-mc`
  # `python gloss.py`

*Note:* If you used the SVN installation of Clutter and receive an error similar to:

`ImportError: libclutter-glx-0.5.so.0: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory`

Type the following to fix:

`sudo ldconfig` (Thanks netwolfuk)
~~`export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:/usr/local/lib`~~
